#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding default
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begingroup
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
let
\backslash
clearpage
\backslash
relax
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
let
\backslash
cleardoublepage
\backslash
relax
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pdfbookmark[1]{Abstract}{Abstract}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Private information, such as login credentials and personal sensitive informatio
n, can be acquired by exploiting vulnerabilities within the users' understanding
 of a system, and particularly a lack of in-depth understanding of the user
 interface.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As the barrier to abuse system vulnerabilities has been improved significantly
 with time, attacking users' psyche has rapidly become a more efficient
 and effective alternative.
 The usage of email as a media electronic of communication has been exploited
 by phishers to deliver their attacks.
 The success of a phishing attack through distributed emails is determined
 by the response of the unsuspecting victims.
 Persuasion techniques often used to obscure users' decisions and compliance
 to grant the phishers' requests.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To protect users from phishing attacks in the email level, system designers
 and security professionals need to understand how phishers use persuasion
 techniques in phishing emails.
 In this thesis, we present the integration of persuasion techniques in
 phishing emails.
 Our research is aimed to understand the characteristics of phishing emails
 considering persuasion techniques in the real world analysis which has
 not been done yet.
 The analysis consists of finding relationships between persuasion techniques
 and generic structural properties of phishing emails.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It has been observed that financial institutions is the most common target
 in our dataset.
 Besides several other findings which determined by our parameters and hypothese
s, the result shows the extensive use of 
\lang english
authority as persuasion technique in phishing emails as oppose to social
 proof technique.
 We also find scarcity principle will likely to be used when phishing emails
 are impersonating administrator and using account related reason.
 The reflection from this research is that we can position ourselves as
 the phishers, which and how persuasion techniques are used to generate
 phishing emails.
 Continued research on persuasion techniques in phishing emails is required
 to stay ahead of the phishers, our method being a solid starting point
 in a real world analysis to identify the underlying issue in phishing emails.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace vfill
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
endgroup
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
