#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusion, limitation and suggestions for future research
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the previous chapter , we have addressed the results of our study in
 considerable detail.
 Now in this chapter, we look at how our findings answer our research questions
 and whether the findings are consistent with the hypotheses we described
 in 
\begin_inset Flex CT - auto cross-reference
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

chap:research-questions
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our research was aimed to synthesize persuasive principles and characterize
 phishing email properties.
 We looked at what are the properties of phishing emails and how relevant
 are the persuasive principles to its associated properties.
 The data was obtained from fraudehelpdesk as national institution based
 in Netherlands that handles reports on fraud including phishing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It was a challenging task to manually code individual phishing email to
 fit onto our dataset.
 Our experience tells us that any researcher who wishes to work with phishing
 email and persuasion principles as related to human psychology, should
 devote a lot of time in preparing adequately for the project.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another aspect of our research was that persuasive principle has variety
 of strength in respect of influence depending on the individual person.
 Thus we addressed our rationale in synthesizing persuasive principles on
 phishing emails.
 In addition, persuasion technique as a social engineering has been and
 remains successful in exploiting human factor vulnerability in order to
 influence people to have a positive response in favor of the person who
 requested it.
 Yet, it is almost absent from the computing literature perspective
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "blythe2011f"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Looking at our results on the characteristics of reported phishing emails,
 we found that 36.2% of total phish include attachment while 63.8% of them
 do not include attachment(s).
 From chi-square tests result, we conclude that both ZIP attachment and
 HTML attachment have a highly significant association when a phish email
 includes attachment(s).
 From the total amount of 207 unique phishing emails, we found that requesting
 to click URL is the most prevalent method at more than half of the total
 phish as oppose to request to call by phone at less than 5% of the total.
 When we look at the content characteristics of the phish, most of it utilizes
 HTML code as modern email clients are able to read HTML based content email.
 Similarly, URL presence in our analysis also significantly higher at more
 than half of the total phish.
 It is notable that content variables may overlap with each other.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When we look at the target sector statistics of phishing mails, we find
 that financial as the most targeted sector to be impersonated by phishers
 at 37.7% of the total phish.
 In addition, E-commerce/retails took the second place of the most targeted
 sector at 19.3% of the total phish.
 This finding congruent with our expectation that phishers tend to impersonate
 financial institutions.
 Furthermore, when we look at the characteristic of the reasons being used
 in phishing emails, account related reason contributes the most frequent
 than others at 48.8% of the total phish.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
